# TSSCI
We introduce a new approach to human movement by defining the movement as a static object or a super object in one two-dimensional image. This method can allow researchers to label and describe the total movement as an object isolated from a reference video. 

**Abstract**: In this article, we introduce a new approach to human movement by defining the movement as a static super object represented by a single two-dimensional image. The described method is applicable in remote healthcare applications, such as physiotherapeutic exercises. It al-lows researchers to label and describe the entire exercise as a standalone object, isolated from the reference video. This approach allows us to perform various tasks, including detecting similar movements in a video, measuring and comparing movements, generating new similar move-ments, and defining choreography by controlling specific parameters in the human body skele-ton. As a result of the presented approach, we can eliminate the need to label images manually, disregard the problem of finding the start and the end of an exercise, overcome synchronization issues between movements, and perform any deep learning network-based operation that pro-cesses super objects in images in general. As part of this article, we will demonstrate two applica-tion use cases: one illustrates how to verify and score a fitness exercise. In contrast, the other il-lustrates how to generate similar movements in the human skeleton space by addressing the challenge of supplying sufficient training data for deep learning applications (DL). A variational auto encoder (VAE) simulator and an EfficientNet-B7 classifier architecture embedded within a Siamese twin neural network are presented in this paper in order to demonstrate the two use cas-es. These use cases demonstrate the versatility of our innovative concept in measuring, categoriz-ing, inferring human behavior, and generating gestures for other researchers.

**Keywords**: OpenPose (OP); MediaPipe (MP); rehabilitation; tree structure skeleton image (TSSI); tree structure skeleton color image (TSSCI); variational auto encoder (VAE); Siamese twin neural network; simulator; human body movements; human pose estimation (HPE); computational 
imagination; computational creativity
